# 研究生英语
## 作文
The first lesson has to do with how we talk about difficult things. When the author talked with his doctor about his neuroma. The doctor said it gently. He learned we should be more gently, tolerant when we talk about sensitive things such as race, sexuality and justice. The second lesson is about the value of science, institutions, and objectivity. When treating diseases, the author believe that doctors have the ability and trust the power of science. The third lesson is about the hidden challenges in our lives. Everyone has vulnerabilities, pain, and struggles that they conceal from the world. And the fourth lesson is about humility.

The author want to tell us in the first underlined sentence is that most of our experience in university is about learning, growth and transformation. University is the place to learn. We learned a lot of professional knowledge in university. This is why we should learn in university. After nine years of study, we went to university to learn the knowledge which is needed for life and work, and establish our outlook on life and values. This is about growth. Many people go to work after finishing university, so college is the vital period for our transformation. We are not used to the life when we out of school and first started working, most because we didn't make transformation during university.

## 科技英语汇报

Next I'll introduce some majar applications about computer vision. Computer vision can be divided into some major directions:
I will explain this concept to us with some simple and easy to understand examples.
we can use computer to automatically classify this picture to a dog’s face. and detect the location of the dog in the photo. to the picture of chair, is the same. it was impossible  to realize in the past, when we didn't have the computer vision. These are two applications of computer vision. Image classification and object detection
In these two images, we found that the computer accurately segmented(or use a simple word separate) the cat and dog from the background. this is another application about computer vision which is called image segmentation.
Not only that, but computer vision can also do more amazing things. we can transfer a real world photo into a vivid painting. If we don't look carefully, we can hardly recognize this painting is made by computer. No longer need painters anymore maybe. this technology is called Style Migration
There is a story called pointing a zebra to a horse, which has now been realized with the help of computer vision. This picture was originally taken of zebras, but was transformed into horses by some magical manipulation. Seeing sth will be the truth may no longer be believing.So it is not unreasonable for us to say that computer vision has profoundly affected our current and future lives.

## Oral English work

hello everyone, my name is wupeixin. Next I'll introduce the achievements and evaluations of education.
First of all, we should know what are the achievements of education. In my opinion, The achievements of teaching are the results of a series of practical activities, such as the effectiveness on teaching and educating students, teaching reform, and teaching management in our daily teaching activities. It should improve the quality of teaching and achieve the goal of cultivating students.
But currently, in the perception of most of us, the result of education is the improvement of students' exam scores. We place too much emphasis on getting students to achieve good grades and attend a good university in order to find good jobs in the future. There is a certain reason for this. However, in terms of teaching outcomes, this is incorrect.
If this is incorrect, then what should we do? I think education should focus on the comprehensive development, morality, intelligence, physical fitness, and beauty of students. Any teaching method that helps improve the above four points for students can be called a teaching achievement.
In teaching practice, we have also developed many teaching methods, which have improved the effectiveness compared to previous methods. For example, teaching knowledge points step by step, allowing students to understand why they are doing so, rather than rote memorization. The final level of knowledge mastery will be much stronger.
Finally, after understanding what educational achievements are, we understand the direction of teaching evaluation. Evaluation should focus on the comprehensive development of students. By collecting data, analyzing and interpreting, and collecting opinions from all parties, the quality of teaching will be achieved.
Ok, That's what I want to say. Thanks for listening.

## what do you want to get from college education?

I think there are several purposes for me to attending college.

First, the primary purpose of college education is to learn the various professional knowledge, which is required for future work. Nowadays, job is becoming increasingly specialized. If we want to be competent in the job, we need deeper professional knowledge.

Second, college education can broaden our horizons and cultivate a sense of independent. In high school, our main purpose is to learn. Other things such as interpersonal relationships, execise, independent learning have not received sufficient attention. But now we become a independent person. we need to solve all those problems alone. Going to college can help us improve this part of abilities.

Third, college education is becoming more and more common. If we do not receive it, we will be at a disadvantage stage in the increasingly fierce social competition.
